[machinery rattling.
background chatter]
- We are on the verge
of taking that mountain.
Thanks to you
and your steam shovel.
You can't quit now.
I-I-I-I won't allow it!
- Railroad's your dream.
- Cullen...
What happened to ruth?
You gave her every chance
to walk away from her deed.
- No. it ain't about
what I gave her.
- She threw her life away
on an empty ideal.
Is that what you want?
- I'm going home. doc.
- Home?
This is your home.
- [sighs]
listen to me.
In the not too distant future.
this railroad will be finished.
I will be back in new york.
And I will need someone
I can trust out here.
- You got delaney.
He's a good engineer.
- Delaney.
Delaney is not half the man
you are.
- Might be more if you
treat him right.
- I don't think you understand
what I've done for you.
What--what I'm offering you.
What your family needs from you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[sighs]
I won't take you back.
Not again.
- Yeah. I know it.
[distant voices]
[machinery rumbling]
- I asked mr. Delaney make sure
that boiler don't run dry.
It do. we'll be pickin' iron
out our ass 'til christmas.
[chuckles]
- You make sure you get to
The top of that mountain.
psalms.
- You make sure you make it
to where you goin' too.
Mr. Bohannon.
[grunting]
- Yep.
[clicks tongue]
[western folk music]
♪
- Hello?
Anyone here?
Father hatch?
Whoa.
[animal grunts]
[snuffling. growling]
- Go! Get outta here!
Skit!
Go!
[animal growling]
[crows cawing]
Elder moss.
Wh-what happened?
Huh? Where is everybody?
Where is everybody?
- [hoarsely]
na-o-mi...
- Naomi. yeah.
Yeah. where is she?
Where's naomi?
Huh? Where's naomi?
- [gasping]
[long exhale]
- Elder moss?
Elder moss?
Elder moss!
- It appears you've ruffled
feathers. miss ellison.
- I will not be intimidated.
mr. Campbell.
Get out.
- I didn't come here to rehash.
louise.
I came here to talk
about the future.
Our future.
I intend to purchase
the leader from durant.
But only if you agree to stay.
- And this is my sugar?
- Territory status is upon us.
A territory needs a press.
Voice of progress.
A national voice.
I plan to give it to you.
Along with my full protection.
We'll rebuild this newspaper
together.
- How incredibly generous.
- You accept my offer. then?
- No.
I reject it absolutely.
But I would like to thank you.
For days. I've been feeling
useless. futile.
I was losing the sense that
my profession even mattered.
That my...Newspaper mattered.
But obviously. it does.
I will never let you
take it from me.
[chicken squawks]
[background chatter]
[overlapping chatter.
laughter]
- Need a room and a bath.
A barber if you got one.
- If you'll sign in.
- Yeah.
- Cullen bohannon.
I thought that ragged
countenance bore a resemblance.
You. sir. have come a long way
for nothing.
- Yeah?
How's that?
- Pestilential grasshopper
has brought plague
To this city that has left
A lack of circulating currency
and a surplus of laborers.
I have made a deal
with brigham young for 800 men.
Haven't left a hirable worker
within 500 miles.
- You stable yourselves?
- Yes. sir.
- I got one horse.
- My spies tell me that durant
is cresting sherman peak.
- He is.
- And that his new steam engine
shovel was your invention.
- It was.
- They tell me something
else. too.
That you quit the u.P.
Is that true?
Well. I am curious.
What brings you to this mecca
of polygamist pretension?
- Searching for my wife
and my boy.
Think they might be here.
She's mormon.
Excuse me.
- Mr. Bohannon.
Brigham young is rumored
to have a bed 7 feet long
By 96 feet wide
to accommodate his 55 wives.
I do hope yours
is not found among 'em.
- You know what the wagons cost.
My brother broke it
down to the red cent.
He does the figuring.
It's a fair price.
- The figures don't tell all.
mr. Spinoza.
- When you get your damn fill
of starin'.
Let us know if we got a deal.
- You are speaking
with god's high minister.
Profanity will not do.
- Brother gundersen.
- 'course. uh.
you used your own horses.
That's a savings.
- Do not negotiate with the man.
zeke.
He's god's whatsit.
Just like last time. mr. Young.
The numbers is what they are.
- And what they are is too high.
my benighted friend.
Lower your price
If you wish to transport
our mormon workmen west.
- What I wish for
is for fair profit.
- I have consulted and prayed...
And here is what I will pay.
- You can get your damn wagons
somewhere else.
Zeke.
- [murmurs]
- Leave the door open.
brother gundersen.
- To release
the polluting vapors.
- [chuckles]
I take it the price
would have been lower
Had we not been mormons.
- Mm.
- Hmm.
- Michael.
Mick.
Ha.
The bleedin' cavalry's comin'.
- What's he want. then?
- Ah. no matter.
I've taken on twice these
With nothin'
but a barstool and water back.
- Mr. Mayor.
From president-elect grant.
Received within the hour.
Acknowledging the basic judicial
system I have established here.
Authorizing the creation
of a legislature
And the removal of
the "provisional" from my title.
- Fancy words.
- You and your men
will leave cheyenne.
- And what if we don't have
a mind to?
- You'll be taken
into custody and shot.
- On what charges and by whom?
- Conspiracy and attempted
assassination
Of a government official...
- [belches]
- And by me.
- Like hell.
- [indistinct order]
- Good news.
There's a train leaving
tomorrow morning.
You'd best be on it.
- This here's a credit ledger
for the fort.
It's got written down the names
of every family member
Who lived there.
Any survivors
in it would have come here.
- You don't know that.
- They need brigham young's
Permission to settle elsewheres.
and we both know that.
- I can't help you. gentile.
- Excuse me.
You'd have a record
of where they went.
And that's all I'm asking for.
- Sir. you're not allowed
in here.
- Shit. son.
I ain't allowed anywheres.
- Church records are
a sacred trust and obligation
Brought forth by joseph smith
himself.
Kept by the church
for its members.
- Well. I am a mormon.
Was.
My wife is.
Please.
- Fort smith.
wyoming territory?
- Yes. sir.
What--
No. hey!
Ow!
- It wasn't an indian attack
that killed them.
Fort smith was hit by smallpox.
- Small--smallpox?
- The survivors
arrived two weeks ago.
Most of them are sick and dying.
They've been quarantined.
- How--how many survivors?
- Not many.
- Oh. uh...
Looking for my family.
My. uh. wife and boy.
They were at fort smith.
Name's bohannon.
- I'm not seeing anyone
with that name.
- Naomi and william?
Uh...Hatch?
Might be under.
- Oh. yes.
Here it is.
Mist--mr. Bohannon!
Mr. Bohannon. please.
There.
Last bed.
I thought she'd be gone
by now...
But perhaps
she was waiting for you?
- [sniffling]
- H-hold still.
I know it hurts.
[woman sniffles]
- Been three girls
hurt this month.
Cut. noses broke up.
- Same man?
- No.
Whole bunch of 'em.
Dead rabbits. they go by.
- Fix these bandages
in the morning.
- Will I still be pretty
when this heals up?
- Shouldn't be bad.
you care for it.
Your girls are getting hurt
and cut up by customers.
- What business
is that of yours?
- Well. the girls
come to me. is all.
They ain't being looked after.
- I'm leaving cheyenne.
I'm taking 'em with me.
So you won't have to
worry about it.
- Taking 'em where?
- West.
- Cheyenne's been
hard on everyone.
Don't mean you run.
- [laughs]
Campbell gave me a choice.
I chose me life.
- Fine.
I'll come with you.
- You don't even know
where we're going.
- Them girls need caring for.
mickey.
I-I'll see to 'em.
tend to 'em.
And keep 'em in line.
- Make you madam. you mean?
- Partner.
- You need money
to buy into a partnership.
- I got money.
I reckon this'll buy me 15%.
But you say what's right.
Assuming it's money
I need to partner with ya.
- [grunting]
[muttering]
peek-a-boo. hot dang--
Oh. there you go.
[laughs]
[glass clattering]
Oh. yeah.
What do you want.
carrot snapper?
- Ah.
- Uhh...
[thud]
Huh?
[speaking norwegian]
- [moaning]
Huh?
[speaking norwegian]
- [gagging]
- [speaking norwegian]
that's it.
[continues in norwegian]
Shh.
[laughs]
- You find the good stuff.
harry?
- He did.
Oh.
A bottle missing...
- Where's harry?
- You will read here.
The arrangement as much
as brother brigham proposed.
- Impossible...
- You are pleased. brother?
- Have the money released.
- Good.
Because. if I may...
- Go ahead.
- I am most happy
to have been able.
In my small way.
To forward
heavenly father's work.
And it is my hope--
I am bold. now. I know--
You can see
what I have done here.
The impossible. you have said.
- Mm.
- You realize what I
could accomplish there.
Among our workers
on the central pacific?
- You wish to join huntington?
Is that it?
I have answered you once.
- I join no one.
I am your servant.
And the lord's.
Never huntington's.
There as here.
I look after our interest
And the souls
of our mormon brethren.
You see now
How I might be effective?
- You...
- Yeah.
I come for naomi...
And william.
Are they alive?
[sniffles]
Where are they?
- [whispers] I prayed...
He'd take me...
Not them.
I prayed...
- Where are they. mother hatch?
- West...
Where you'll never find them.
Away from you.
- I'll stay with you.
mother hatch.
[coughing in background]
I'll watch you die.
I'll make sure
they burn you good.
When I find naomi.
I'll tell her
you were miserable to the end.
When my son grows old enough
to know his grandparents...
I will make sure
he never hears your name.
- [coughing]
[gasps. liquid gurgles]
- Mr. Bohannon?
Mr. Bohannon?
Rest easy. brother bohannon.
She died peaceful.
knowing you were here.
- You listen to me.
She was a vengeful woman.
She died the same.
[background conversation]
[wagons rattling]
- Mr. Bohannon.
Good-bye. sir.
I'm just leaving for california.
Did you find your family?
- Searched high and low.
They ain't here.
- Well. sir.
You have the visage of a man
who could use a drink.
- Searched high and low
for that too.
Ain't here.
- Well. then it is fortuitous
that you have run into me.
[pats wagon]
Come along. sir.
Let us imbibe in our comfort.
- Come in. why don't you?
- The cheyenne palace is mine.
The comfort house is mine.
Jailhouse across the street...
Mine.
The hotel...
Will be mine.
one way or another.
Now. that leaves
Just one outstanding item.
- Which is?
- Chicken hill.
Accept my offer
of fair market value
Or surrender it
to the u.S. Cavalry.
Who will bivouac there until
permanent barracks
Can be constructed.
- [exhales]
you want chicken hill?
Take it.
There's the deed.
Now. if you can take it off
my desk. it's yours.
- [laughing]
[distant clanging.
wagons rattling]
- [grunts]
- aah!
[grunting and groaning]
- [screaming]
- Ow!
- How 'bout that?
[both panting]
[thwack. squish]
- ow!
[women giggling]
[thud]
- oh!
- Uh--
- ah!
[scattered laughter]
[men continue grunting]
- Should we intervene. major?
- Only if guns come out.
[man laughing in background]
[both grunting]
[man shouting at fighters
indistinctly]
- Okay...
I'll give you...
Double fair market value.
- Triple.
- Done.
- There are many problems
I can't solve. mr. Bohannon.
But locating whiskey in this
sober place is not one of 'em.
[chuckles]
It's called valley tan.
Made from...
Imported fire and brimstone.
- [coughs]
- [chuckles]
Now. looking
for your wife and son...
That's an ambitious undertaking.
Especially for an ambitious man
like yourself.
But I'm curious.
how do you begin?
Where do you start looking?
- I only started here.
Now I'm heading west.
- Mm-hmm.
The mormon faithful...
Are 80.000 strong.
covering almost as many miles.
It seems to me that your plan.
"head west."
Is guaranteed to do only
one thing. hmm?
Fail.
That begs the question
How badly do you really
want to find your family?
- Thank you for the drink.
But I prefer rotgut.
- If rotgut
is all that you have had.
Rotgut is all you prefer.
Central pacific could expand
your preferences. mr. Bohannon.
- Uh-huh.
- Mr. Bohannon.
There is a better way
to find your family.
If you will indulge me.
I plan to drive my road
Right into the heart
of mormon country.
From california all the way
to salt lake city.
There is nothing that will
happen in mormon country
That I won't know about
or can't find out about.
Now. if you work for me.
All of my resources
will be at your disposal.
Your family's out there.
we'll find 'em.
How's that sound?
- Sounds like I'd be back
to working on the railroad.
I've dug that ditch.
- There's a difference
between digging a ditch
And owning it. sir.
Now. we will find your family.
If that's
what you really want to do.
But this time.
for the first time.
You'll have something
to show them for all your work.
More than a canvas tent
and a mud floor.
I'm prepared to offer you
a small interest in my company.
How does that sound?
[lead me on by joe henry
and lisa hannigan playing]
♪
- [chuckling]
- ♪ the day draws a shade
♪ pulls the thread of your
frayed lace undone ♪
♪ it falls like the evenings
that charm ♪
♪ then devour their young
♪ the face of the moon on the
river will shiver and run ♪
♪ from belief to surrender
and I want you ♪
♪ to lead me on
♪
♪ the quiet of midnight
is bright in the sky ♪
- Look alive. girls.
- Go on.
- ♪ as men from the county line
get down ♪
♪ and take up their arms
♪ no one you can name is just
that one thing they have shown ♪
♪ you speak from the shadow
and I want you ♪
♪ to lead me on
♪
- Beautiful day.
970 mile to go!
[laughs]
- To collis p. Huntington.
Director of
central pacific railroad.
Stop.
Sherman peak is behind me.
[telegram machine clicking]
I am coming for you.
Stop.
[laughs]
The zebra shall be eaten.
Stop.
[background conversations.
speaking mandarin]
- Excuse me. I...
Excuse me?
[speaking mandarin]
Name?
- Cullen bohannon.
- Railroad experience?
- More than enough. chan!
More than enough.
[speaking mandarin]
Welcome to the great state
of california. mr. Bohannon.
Ambition get the best of ya?
- I'm here
'til I find my family.
Whatever you can do to help me.
you'll do.
Whatever's my share. I keep.
Whether I'm here a week
or a year.
- Agreed.
- 5% then?
- 1 1/2.
It's a big company.
[laughs]
Come with me!
I want to show you a telegram.
Durant is on the downslope
of sherman peak.
Now...With you in camp.
Maybe this is the moment
When the zebra turns tables
on the lion.
What say you. mr. Bohannon?
- I say blood will be spilled.
- ♪ they say everything
can be replaced ♪
- [laughs]
♪
♪ yet every distance
is not near ♪
♪ so I remember every face
♪ of every man who put me here
♪ I see my light
come shinin' ♪
♪
♪ from the west
unto the east ♪
♪
♪ any day now
♪ I shall be released
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm